Sure enough, he is an immortal
A thousand arrows are infinite in the wave of your hand
That really opened our eyes.
Otherwise, let's turn it upside down
A hundred arrows pierce the heart
I see that your witch is not dead yet.
Well, it's okay, it's not the other way around
How is this possible?
This immortal technique was so easily cracked by him
Can he contend with the three immortals?
This female skill is unfathomable
Why don't the three of us join forces and do him?
how
You want to bully less with more
Why should a witch like you talk to you about benevolence, justice and morality?
Go to hell
Why should Sansheng die?
No matter how evil
No matter how powerful it is, it will surely die
How do we go this time? Wait a minute.
If he can't, we'll run away
If he doesn't die, we die
Apologize bless